.TH mir_performance_tests "1" "April 2020" "1.8.0" "Mir Display Server Runtime Tests"

.SH NAME
mir_performance_tests \- Run Mir Display Server performance tests

.SH DESCRIPTION
This program contains Mir Display Server tests written using Google Test.
You can use the following command line flags to control its behavior:

.SH OPTIONS
.SS "Test Selection:"
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_list_tests\fR
.IP
List the names of all tests instead of running them. The name of
TEST(Foo, Bar) is "Foo.Bar".
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_filter\fR=\fI\,POSTIVE_PATTERNS[\-NEGATIVE_PATTERNS]\/\fR
.IP
Run only the tests whose name matches one of the positive patterns but
none of the negative patterns. '?' matches any single character; '*'
matches any substring; ':' separates two patterns.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_also_run_disabled_tests\fR
.IP
Run all disabled tests too.

.SS "Test Execution:"
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_repeat\fR=\fI\,[COUNT]\/\fR
.IP
Run the tests repeatedly; use a negative count to repeat forever.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_shuffle\fR
.IP
Randomize tests' orders on every iteration.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_random_seed\fR=\fI\,[NUMBER]\/\fR
.IP
Random number seed to use for shuffling test orders (between 1 and
99999, or 0 to use a seed based on the current time).

.SS "Test Output:"
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_color=\fR(yes|no|auto)
.IP
Enable/disable colored output. The default is auto.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_print_time\fR=\fI\,0\/\fR
.IP
Don't print the elapsed time of each test.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_output=\fR(json|xml)[:DIRECTORY_PATH/|:FILE_PATH]
.IP
Generate a JSON or XML report in the given directory or with the given
file name. FILE_PATH defaults to test_detail.xml.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_stream_result_to\fR=\fI\,HOST\/\fR:PORT
.IP
Stream test results to the given server.

.SS "Assertion Behavior:"
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_death_test_style=\fR(fast|threadsafe)
.IP
Set the default death test style.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_break_on_failure\fR
.IP
Turn assertion failures into debugger break\-points.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_throw_on_failure\fR
.IP
Turn assertion failures into C++ exceptions for use by an external
test framework.
.HP
\fB\-\-gtest_catch_exceptions\fR=\fI\,0\/\fR
.IP
Do not report exceptions as test failures. Instead, allow them
to crash the program or throw a pop\-up (on Windows).
.PP
Except for \fB\-\-gtest_list_tests\fR, you can alternatively set the corresponding
environment variable of a flag (all letters in upper\-case). For example, to
disable colored text output, you can either specify \fB\-\-gtest_color\fR=\fI\,no\/\fR or set
the GTEST_COLOR environment variable to no.
.PP
For more information, please read the Google Test documentation at
https://github.com/google/googletest/. If you find a bug in Google Test
(not one in your own code or tests), please report it to
<googletestframework@googlegroups.com>.
