.TH mir_demo_server "1" "April 2020" "1.8.0" "Mir Display Server Demo"

.SH NAME
mir_demo_server \- Mir Display Server Demo

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\,mir_demo_server\/\fP \fI[options]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
Launch a Mir server demo session.
.PP
The Mir demo server startup can be tweaked by:
.TP
\fBCommand\-line options:\fR
e.g. "\-\-host\-socket=/tmp/mir_socket".
.TP
\fBEnvironment variables:\fR
Capitalise the long form of the command line option, prefix it with
"MIR_SERVER_" and put "_" in place of "\-". E.g.
"MIR_SERVER_HOST_SOCKET=/tmp/mir_socket".
.TP
\fBConfig file entries:\fR
Use the long form command line options in the configuration file. E.g.
"\-\-host\-socket=/tmp/mir_socket".
.PP
The config file (mir/mir_demo_server.config) is located via the XDG Base
Directory Specification. ($XDG_CONFIG_HOME or $HOME/.config followed by
$XDG_CONFIG_DIRS).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-host\-socket\fR \fI<socket-filename>\fR
Host socket filename.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR [ \fB\-\-file\fR ] \fI<filename>\fR
Socket filename (default: $XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/mir_socket or /tmp/<UID_NUMBER>\-runtime\-dir/mir_socket).
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-file\fR
Do not provide a socket filename for client connections.
.TP
\fB\-\-arw\-file\fR
Set socket file permissions to globally read-writeable (equivalent to chmod a=rw).
.TP
\fB\-p\fR [ \fB\-\-prompt\-file\fR ]
Provide a "..._trusted" filename for prompt helper connections.
.TP
\fB\-\-platform\-graphics\-lib\fR \fI<platform_library>\fR
Library to use for platform graphics support (default: autodetect).
.TP
\fB\-\-platform\-input\-lib\fR \fI<input_library>\fR
Library to use for platform input support (default: input\-stub.so).
.TP
\fB\-\-platform\-path\fR arg (=/usr/lib/x86_64\-linux\-gnu/mir/server\-platform)
Directory to look for platform libraries (default: /usr/lib/<multi-arch>/mir/server\-platform).
.TP
\fB\-i\fR [ \fB\-\-enable\-input\fR ] \fI{0,1}\fR
Enable input (default: 1, meaning: enabled).
.TP
\fB\-\-compositor\-report\fR \fI{log,lttng,off}\fR (=off)
Compositor reporting, either of \fIlog\fR, \fIlttng\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-connector\-report\fR \fI{log,lttng,off}\fR
How to handle the Connector report, either of \fIlog\fR, \fIlttng\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-report\fR \fI{log,lttng,off}\fR
How to handle the Display report, either of \fIlog\fR, \fIlttng\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-input\-report\fR \fI{log,lttng,off}\fR
How to handle to Input report, either of \fIlog\fR, \fIlttng\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-legacy\-input\-report\fR \fI{log,off}\fR
How to handle the Legacy Input report, either of \fIlog\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-seat\-report\fR \fI{log,off}\fR
How to handle to Seat report, either of \fIlog\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-session\-mediator\-report\fR \fI{log,lttng,off}\fR
How to handle the SessionMediator report, either of \fIlog\fR, \fIlttng\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-msg\-processor\-report\fR \fI{log,lttng,off}\fR
How to handle the MessageProcessor report, either of \fIlog\fR, \fIlttng\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-scene\-report\fR \fI{log,lttng,off}\fR
How to handle the scene report, either of \fIlog\fR, \fIlttng\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-shared\-library\-prober\-report\fR \fI{log,lttng,off}\fR
How to handle the SharedLibraryProber report, either of \fIlog\fR, \fIlttng\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: log).
.TP
\fB\-\-shell\-report\fR \fI{log,off}\fR
How to handle the Shell report, either of \fIlog\fR or \fIoff\fR (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-composite\-delay\fR \fI<msecs>\fR
Compositor frame delay in milliseconds (how long to wait for new frames
from clients before compositing). Higher values result in lower latency
but risk causing frame skipping. A negative value means decide
automatically (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-\-name\fR \fI<name>\fR
When nested, the name Mir uses when registering with the host.
.TP
\fB\-\-nested\-passthrough\fR {0,1}
When nested, attempt to pass a client's graphics content directly to the
host to avoid a composition pass (default: 1).
.TP
\fB\-\-offscreen\fR
Render to offscreen buffers instead of the real outputs.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-touchspots\fR
Display visualization of touchspots (e.g. for screencasting).
.TP
\fB\-\-cursor\fR \fI{auto,null,software}\fR
Cursor (mouse pointer) to use (default: auto).
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-key\-repeat\fR {0,1}
Enable server generated key repeat (default: 1).
.TP
\fB\-\-on\-fatal\-error\-except\fR
On "fatal error" conditions (e.g. drivers behaving in unexpected ways)
throw an exception (instead of a core dump).
.TP
\fB\-\-debug\fR
Enable extra development debugging. This is only interesting for people
doing Mir server or client development.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-mirclient\fR
Enable deprecated mirclient socket (for running old clients)
.TP
\fB\-\-console\-provider\fR arg (=auto)
Console device handling how Mir handles console\-related tasks (device
handling, VT switching, etc.) Possible values given:
.IP
\fIlogind\fR - use logind vt: use the Linux VT subsystem. Requires root privileges.
.IP
\fInone\fR - support no console\-related tasks. Useful for nested platforms
which do not need raw device access and which don't have a VT concept
.IP
\fIauto\fR - detect the appropriate provider.
.TP
\fB\-\-vt\fR {0,1}
VT to run on or 0 to use current (default: 0).
.IP
Usage of this option requires \fB\-\-console\-provider\fR=\fI\,vt\/\fR
.TP
\fB\-\-bypass\fR {0,1}
[platform\-specific] utilize the bypass optimization for fullscreen
surfaces (default: 1).
.TP
\fB\-\-x11\-output\fR \fI<sizes>\fR
[mir\-on\-X specific] Colon separated list of WIDTHxHEIGHT sizes for
"output" windows (default: 1280x1024).
.TP
\fB\-\-wayland\-host\fR \fI<socket-name>\fR
Socket name for host compositor.
.TP
\fB\-\-startup\-apps\fR \fI<list-of-applications>\fR
Colon separated list of startup applications.
.TP
\fB\-\-env\-hacks\fR \fI<env-vars>\fR
Colon separated list of environment variable settings.
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-config\fR \fI{clone,sidebyside,single,static=<filename>}\fR
Display configuration, either of \fIclone\fR, \fIsidebyside\fR, \fIsingle\fR, or \fIstatic=<filename>\fR (default: sidebyside).
.TP
\fB\-\-translucent\fR {on,off}
Select a display mode with alpha (default: off).
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-host\-lifecycle\fR
Write lifecycle events from host to log.
.TP
\fB\-\-glog\fR
Use google::GLog for logging.
.TP
\fB\-\-glog\-stderrthreshold\fR \fI<level>\fR
Copy log messages at or above this level to stderr in addition to
logfiles (default: 2).
.IP
The numbers of severity levels INFO, WARNING, ERROR, and FATAL are 0, 1,
2, and 3, respectively.
.TP
\fB\-\-glog\-minloglevel\fR arg (=0)
Log messages at or above this level. The numbers of severity levels INFO,
WARNING, ERROR, and FATAL are 0, 1, 2, and 3, respectively (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-\-glog\-log\-dir\fR \fI<directory-path>\fR
Log files are written into this directory.
.TP
\fB\-\-x11\-display\-experimental\fR \fI<x11-display-number>\fR
DISPLAY socket to use for experimental X11 support (default: none).
.TP
\fB\-\-xwayland\-path\fR \fI<fullpath-to-Xwayland>\fR
Path to Xwayland executable (default: /usr/bin/Xwayland).
.TP
\fB\-\-wayland\-extensions\fR \fI<wayland-extensions-list>\fR
Colon separated list of wayland extensions to enable (enabled by default:

.IP
wl_shellxdg_wm_base
.IP
zwlr_layer_shell_v1
.IP
zxdg_output_manager_v1
.IP
zxdg_shell_v6

).
.TP
\fB\-\-window\-management\-trace\fR
Log trace messages.
.TP
\fB\-\-custom\-compositor\fR \fI{adorning,default}\fR
Select an alternative compositor (default: default)
.TP
\fB\-\-background\-color\fR \fI{purple,blue,grey,black}\fR
Fill the background of the adorning compositor with a color, either of
purple, blue, grey, or black (default: black.)
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-while\-typing\fR \fI{0,1}\fR
Disable touchpad while typing on keyboard configuration (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-\-mouse\-acceleration\fR \fI{none,adaptive}\fR
Select acceleration profile for mice and trackballs (default: adaptive).
.TP
\fB\-\-mouse\-cursor\-acceleration\-bias\fR \fI<accel>\fR
Constant factor (+1) to velocity or bias to the acceleration curve within
the range [\-1.0, 1.0] for mice (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-\-mouse\-scroll\-speed\-scale\fR \fI<speed-scale>\fR
Scales mice scroll events, use negative values for natural scrolling (default: 1).
.TP
\fB\-\-touchpad\-cursor\-acceleration\-bias\fR \fI<accel>\fR
Constant factor (+1) to velocity or bias to the acceleration curve within
the range [\-1.0, 1.0] for touchpads (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\-\-touchpad\-scroll\-speed\-scale\fR \fI<speed-scale>\fR
Scales touchpad scroll events, use negative values for natural scrolling
(default: \-1).
.TP
\fB\-\-touchpad\-scroll\-mode\fR \fI<mode>\fR
Select scroll mode for touchpads, with \fI<mode>\fR being either of \fItwo\-finger\fR or \fIedge\fR (default: two\-finger).
.TP
\fB\-\-touchpad\-click\-mode\fR \fI{area,finger\-count}\fR
Select click mode for touchpads (default: finger\-count).
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR \fI<secs>\fR
Seconds to run before exiting.
.TP
\fB\-\-cursor\-theme\fR \fI<cursor-theme>\fR
Colon separated cursor theme list (e.g. "DMZ\-Black", default: DMZ\-White).
.TP
\fB\-\-print\-input\-events\fR
List input events on std::cout.
.TP
\fB\-\-screen\-rotation\fR
Rotate screen on Ctrl\-Alt\-<Arrow>.
.TP
\fB\-\-test\-client\fR \fI<executable>\fR
Client executable.
.TP
\fB\-\-test\-timeout\fR \fI<secs>\fR
Seconds to run before sending SIGTERM to client (default: 10).
.TP
\fB\-h\fR [ \fB\-\-help\fR ]
Show this help text and exit.

.SH SEE ALSO
miral-shell(1)

.SH AUTHOR
The Mir Display Server has been written by the Mir Server Team at Canonical
Ltd.
.PP
This man page has been written for the Debian project by Mike
Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de> and may be re-used by others.
