.TH mirscreencast "1" "April 2020" "1.8.0" "Mir Display Server Tool"
.SH NAME
mirscreencast \- Mir screencast capture tool

.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBmirscreencast\fR \fI[\,options\/]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
Capture Mir server frames and dump them as RBGA/BGRA data to file or stdout.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR [ \fB\-\-help\fR ]
Show help text and exit.
.HP
\fB\-n\fR [ \fB\-\-number\-of\-frames\fR ] \fI<N>\fR
Capture <N> number of frames.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR [ \fB\-\-display\-id\fR ] \fI<ID>\fR
ID of the display to capture.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR [ \fB\-\-mir\-socket\-file\fR ] \fI<mir-server-socket-file-path>\fR
Full path to the Mir server socket file.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR [ \fB\-\-file\fR ] \fI<output-file>\fR
Output filename (default: /tmp/mir_screencast_<w>x<h>.<rgba|bgra>).
.TP
\fB\-s\fR [ \fB\-\-size\fR ] \fI<width> <height>\fR
Screencast size.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR [ \fB\-\-screen\-region\fR ]  \fI<left> <top> <width> <height>\fR
Screen region to capture.
.TP
\fB\-\-stdout\fR
Use stdout for output (\fB\-\-file\fR will be ignored if this option is used).
.TP
\fB\-\-query\fR
Only query the colorspace and output size used but don't start an actual screencast.
.TP
\fB\-\-cap\-interval\fR \fI<every-Nth-frame>\fR
Adjusts the capture rate to <every-Nth-frame> display refresh intervals.
.IP
1 \-> capture at display rate
.IP
2 \-> capture at half the display rate (i.e. every second frame)
.IP
3 \-> capture at a third of the display rate (i.e. every second third)
.IP
N \-> etc.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
miral-screencast(1)
.SH AUTHOR
The Mir Display Server has been written by the Mir Server Team at Canonical
Ltd.
.PP
This man page has been written for the Debian project by Mike
Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de> and may be re-used by others.
